# Task Participant Metadata

### Team Name: GMU

TEAM_NAME

### Participants:

1. Dhiman Goswami, George Mason University, USA
2. Kai North, George Mason University, USA
3. Marcos Zampieri, George Mason University, USA

### Language Survey

Please indicate which of the following languages you are able to provide human evaluation for. You should be proficient in a language to provide judgments in it.

 - [ ] Catalan
 - [X] English
 - [ ] Filipino
 - [ ] French
 - [ ] German
 - [ ] Italian
 - [ ] Japanese
 - [ ] Portuguese
 - [ ] Sinhala
 - [ ] Spanish

### Files submitted (mark with an X):

| FILE        | LCP  | LS  |
| ------------|:----:|----:|
| All         |  X   |  X  |
| Catalan     |  X   |  X  |
| English     |  X   |  X  |
| Filipino    |  X   |  X  |
| French      |  X   |  X  |
| German      |  X   |  X  |
| Italian     |  X   |  X  |
| Japanese    |  X   |  X  |
| Portuguese  |  X   |  X  |
| Sinhala     |  X   |  X  |
| Spanish     |  X   |  X  |

### System Description

LCP: Run 1 - weighted ensemble of mBERT, XLM-R and language specific BERT models. All trial data combined was used for cross-lingual training and evaluation. calBERT, RoBERTa-tagalog, flauBERT, germanBERT, italianBERT, japaneseBERT, BERTimbau, sinhalaBERTo and spanishBERT was used for Catalan, Filipino, French, German, Italian, Japanese, Sinhala and Spanish respectively. For English we used BERT, RoBERTa, DeBERTa. For all language combined track, ensemble of mBERT, XLM-R calBERT, DeBERTa, RoBERTa-tagalog, flauBERT, germanBERT, italianBERT, japaneseBERT, BERTimbau, sinhalaBERTo and spanishBERT were used. Pearson correlation coefficient was used as weight for the ensemble.

LS: Run 1 - GPT4-turbo zero shot prompting
    Run 2 - mBERT, XLM-R and language specific BERT models are used to generate substitutions using mask language modeling. Cosine similarity between the target token and the substitutions generated by all the models (including the generated substitutions in Run 1) are generated. Sentence transformer LaBSE is used to find the embeddings of the substitutions. Then the top 10 substitutions having the highest cosine similarity are selected for the output.

### Agreement

- [X] I agree for my submission to be evaluated as part of the MLSP Shared Task
- [X] I agree for my system outputs to be made public and the ranking of my system to be made public for future research
- [X] I agree to participate in the human evaluation round and provide up to 300 judgments.

